Sister Elsa,
did you paint these?
I did.
They’re amazing!
How long
have you been drawing?
As long as I can remember.
It’s my way
of being able to share
all the stories of my life.
Could you show me?
Yes, of course!
I remember a time when I was young
and in East Germany.
We weren’t allowed to do our work
as Jehovah’s Witnesses;
we were under ban.
I helped in copying
our Watchtower magazines by hand
and then hiding them in food.
You did?
Yes!
We’d then send the food
to our brothers who were in prison.
I was also asked to help
in distributing Bible literature
to our congregations
as an underground messenger.
Wow!
Time passed and then things
started getting better in Berlin.
Shortly after,
I immigrated to New York.
And I met my darling husband.
Wow, that was a great story!
Thank you.
But I’m sure you have stories.
What do you like to draw?
Well, actually, here!
This was the time
when Caleb and I went to the park,
and we met a little girl there.
I’m glad I reached out that day.
Lasting friends can be of any age
when they love Jehovah.